Adds Cloudflare ESC Docs (#11978)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/esc/other-integrations/cloudflare.md

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have:

- installed [Pulumi ESC](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/install/esc/)
- installed [Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/install-and-update/#install-wrangler/)
- a valid and properly scoped [Cloudflare API Token](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/ci-cd/#api-token)
- a Pulumi Cloud account. You can sign up for an [always-free, individual tier](https://app.pulumi.com/signup)

{{< notes type="info" >}}
**New to Pulumi ESC?** Complete the [Getting Started tutorial](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/esc/get-started/)
{{< /notes >}}

### 1. Create an ESC Environment

Use the Pulumi ESC CLI to create and configure an Environment. Alternatively, to use the Pulumi Cloud console follow the [console instructions](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/esc/get-started/create-environment/#create-via-the-console).

```bash
esc login # if needed

## create a new ESC Environment
ESC_ENV=my-dev-environment
esc env init ${ESC_ENV}
esc env ls | grep ${ESC_ENV}
```

Edit the Environment in your terminal:

```bash
esc env edit ${ESC_ENV}
```

> Paste the contents below in the editor and replace the values. Note: the API token is declared as a secret. Once the Environment is saved, Pulumi will encrypt its value and replace it with ciphertext.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste the contents below in the editor and replace the `abc..` API token and Account ID value with yours. Note: the API token is declared as a secret. Once the Environment is saved, Pulumi will encrypt its value and replace it with ciphertext.
```

Author: Updated in the latest commit.

```yaml
values:
  environmentVariables:
    CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN:
      fn::secret: abc123abc123abc123abc123abc123
    CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID: abc123abc123
```

Now that the Pulumi ESC Environment is created, it can be consumed in a variety of ways, such as running other shell commands without having to set the environment variables locally first.

> The `esc run` command opens the Environment you previously created, sets the specified environment variables, and then uses those environment variables in the context of the `wrangler` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `esc run` command opens the Environment you previously created, sets the specified environment variables into a temporary environment, and then uses those environment variables in the context of the `wrangler` commands.
```

Author: Updated in the latest commit.

```

Because we are running `wrangler` in non-interactive mode, it requires a Cloudflare API token and account ID for authentication. The `wrangler whoami` retrieves details about the provided credentials.

For additional options and details, see `esc run --help`.

### 3. Use ESC to create your `.dev.vars` file

The `.dev.vars` file is located in the root of your wrangler project to define secrets used when running `wrangler dev`.

{{< notes type="info" >}}
**Recommendation** Use a dedicated ESC Environment for your `.dev.vars` definitions because the esc `dotnev` format flag does not support property paths.
{{< /notes >}}

Create a new ESC Environment:

```bash
ESC_ENV=my-dev-vars-environment
esc env init ${ESC_ENV}
```

Edit the environment in your terminal:

```bash
esc env edit ${ESC_ENV}
```

Paste the contents below in the editor:

```yaml
values:
  environmentVariables:
    TOP_SECRET:
      fn::secret: "the moon is made of cheese"
```

Per [Cloudflare documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/secrets/#secrets-in-development), the `.dev.vars` file should be formatted like a `dotenv` file.

```bash
# generate the `.dev.vars` file:

> esc env open ${ESC_ENV} --format dotenv > .dev.vars

Reviewer: Is it possible to do it via the files property in esc? That could be additional option that we could list here - it showcases what folks can do with files

Author: Yes, I'll update the example.

Author: I added this, please take a look.

# verify the contents
cat .dev.vars
```

### 4. Use ESC with `wrangler secret put`

With Pulumi ESC you can centralize common secrets and then use Wrangler to pass them on to your Workers and other Cloudflare resources as needed:

Add a new value to your `my-dev-environment` Environment:

```bash
ESC_ENV=my-dev-environment
esc env set ${ESC_ENV} environementVariables.TOP_SECRET "aliens are real" --secret
```

Share the secret with your Worker.

```bash

> esc run -i ${ESC_ENV} -- sh -c 'echo "$TOP_SECRET" | npx wrangler secret put TOP_SECRET'

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we explained the -i interactive mode or if we need to

Author: added a note.

With the ESC Environment referenced in the Stack, you'll be able to consume ESC values to assign them to a Secret Binding Input. Here is an example Pulumi program written in TypeScript:

```typescript
import * as pulumi from "@pulumi/pulumi";
import * as cloudflare from "@pulumi/cloudflare";
import * as fs from "fs";

const config = new pulumi.Config();

// Create a Cloudflare WorkerScript with a secret binding
const workerScript = new cloudflare.WorkerScript("myWorkerScript", {
    name: "my-worker-script",
    content: fs.readFileSync("worker.ts", "utf8"),
    secretTextBindings: [
        {
            name: "TOP_SECRET",
            text: config.requireSecret("TOP_SECRET"),
        },
    ],
});
```

The secret binding configuration allows the Worker to consume the secret in the `fetch` handler. Here's the contents of the `worker.ts` file.

```typescript
export interface Env {
  TOP_SECRET: string;
}
export default {
  async fetch(request, env, ctx): Promise<Response> {
    return new Response(`Did you know that "${env.TOP_SECRET}"?`);
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: I'd check with Cleve, but this scenario feels like SDK is an optimal solution than embedding as part of pulumiConfig

Author: @cleverguy25 thoughts on using the SDK here instead?
